John "Full Rack" Hammond

William "The Lunch Tray" Maxam

I mean dude, he's the team captain. What else are we gonna call him, "Skipper?" -- Patrick Ledzian

I prefer "crockpot." That's my hacking platform of choice.

What can you tell me about FTP?

What is your favorite octet?

Yesterday I redirected nano to cat. My shell just, like, exploded.

We've got all four GPG keys and it's not even fucking lunch time.

Hey man I just wrote it, I don't know what the fuck it does...

Nahh man, we need like, blazers.

Bottom-line, we'll truly never know.

Hi, I'm Mr. Blackhat Bullshit, I got my degree from East Cupcake Community, and uh... I'm in your system.

Feelings don't matter. -- 1/c Trey Maxam

Hang on; I want to make sure I run this correctly first. [enters `man strings`]

"Alcohol doesn't effect me" - 1/c Trey Maxam

"We're not the bad guys, it's our code!" -- Caleb

"Trey your code doesn't even work" -- John, after reading Trey's Python code

"echo adds a newline. I'm a fucking idiot." -- Caleb

"Our script is hoarding flags." -- Caleb

"Python is working at 107%!" -- John, reading `top` output 

Trey Maxam is an idiot. -- Trey Maxam

"John stop breaking my Internet!" -- Trey Maxam

"Trey I need your help, I broke the Internet again." -- John

"What happens to a DHCP-assigned IP address when we turn off DHCP?" - Trey
"These are the questions the Cyber Team asks itself." - John
"Well we could just look it up..." - Trey
"But we can't even do that!" - John

"Trey you getting sick? What, do you have a boss that works you too hard?" - John
"Yeah! You're like my wife!" - Trey

'Trey we asked you to fix the public firewall -- not break the global firewall!' - Caleb

'I ushe SSH' - John

"Well, it's all fucked up right now, but..." - Caleb Stewart

"I used to rape people left and right until I had my first sexual assault training!" -- Trey Maxam

"FLAT PICTURE DOOR! WHITE FUZZY DOPLHINS!" - Caleb Stewart (on creating passwords)

"A racist mind is a racist kind" - John

"hey FUCK YOU WINDOWS" -- Dean  

"Sitrep: Nothing has changed and everything is still broken" --  Caleb

"No you have to restart it, it thinks it is opposite day!" -- Dean

"Well we don't know what their passive FTP ports are, so we'd have to allow and open like all ephemeral ports". - Caleb
"WHY DO WE EVEN HAVE FIREWALL, THEN!? LET'S JUST PUT EVERYTHING ON ONE SWITCH." - Trey

"He is bandaiding the network." -Caleb M

"Trey you fixed mail but broke everything else" -- Our White Cell guy

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...... syntax for the copy command?" -- Julian

"He's so sauccyyyy" -- Sam Robbins

"But MATLAB is so great!" -- Julian